.\" In .TH, FOO should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\"
.\" This template provided by Tom Christiansen <tchrist@jhereg.perl.com>.
.\" 
.TH IDRIVEBMRSRV 1
.SH NAME
idrivebmrsrv \- Network file and image backup server
.SH SYNOPSIS
This binary starts the IDriveBMR server and some other tools.
IDriveBMR is a server for backing up clients
via a network. Only few settings can be modified via command line
arguments to the binary - mainly logging options and ports for the web interface.
For all other settings please use the web interface.
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Following actions are available. Get specific command help with idrivebmrsrv <command> --help

.TP
.B run
Run IDriveBMR server
.TP
.B verify-hashes
Verify file backup hashes
.TP
.B remove-unknown
Remove unknown files and directories from backup storage and fix symbolic links in backup storage
.TP
.B reset-pw
Reset web interface administrator password
.TP
.B cleanup
Cleanup file/image backups from backup storage
.TP
.B repair-database
Try to repair IDriveBMR database
.TP
.B defrag-database
Rebuild IDriveBMR database
.TP
.B export-auth-log
Export authentication log to csv file
.TP
.B decompress-file
Decompress IDriveBMR compressed file
.TP
.B mount-vhd
Mount VHD file
.TP
.B assemble
Assemble VHD(Z) volumes into one disk VHD file

.SH EXAMPLES
idrivebmrsrv run --http-port 80 --loglevel debug --daemon

.SH ENVIRONMENT
IDriveBMR server uses the temporary directory quite heavily, if configured to do so.
If you do not have enough space in the default location (/tmp) you should modify the temporary
directory location before running idrivebmrsrv. E.g. by
export TMPDIR=/media/BIGDRIVE/tmp

.SH FILES
.br
.nf
\fI/var/idrivebmr/	Database and web interface files location

.SH CEVEATS
IDriveBMR server starts as user "idrivebmr" per default and as such has limited rights.
Please assure that idrivebmr has read/write rights on above locations, the 
specified backup folder and the temporary directory.
